hello lo decent it with me I mean yeah
hello youtubers it's me sab khelo or sa
beagle / our power and I'm bringing you
get a texture pack spotlight yay let's
text Michael looks pretty weird so does
my guy without that on and i made this
texture pack oh yeah it's called purple
diamonds and more at plan minecraft go
check it out you guys can see all the
tools check with the dime or stem a
block glass panel glass missile oh
whatever and they're playing red word
plan for Pinewood wherever that would be
oh that would be jungle I you would be
the virtual Brixton lamp on marcelin
beds and check mckibble gravel sand snow
then i'm going to show you guys the mobs
I don't know if they do one mob before
yeah and that is a dwarven mods don't
mind that furball creepers here like
that i will put that don't mind hanging
that for that what else about it my ass
i also updated the fish here he rolled I
look up did that all the leather is
black and yellow I'm in black in white
fish raw fish but it is more pain and
the cook fish look one of the crop it
club chocolate plug this there's our
green they went right here I feel good
just I don't want to eat grapes okay and
still pick that be my dwarven bagger
wait where she was the warmer or the
place make sure looks like any grape
money trick I'm gonna get raped back up
boy an attend clay pink where is it warm
or jesus holy bougie baby baby the view
wait and I chance cake let's see how
strong is over cooler let's try war axe
the bigger acts wherever yeah there's
rods ingots pick x.x oh right shovel
sword hammer battle axe dagger mace war
axe and the armor junction with the
Mexico ok as will pick up backwards so
whatever so yeah
here's the leather armor looks like you
walk around town with your diamond he'll
give me down oh good I'm gonna get raped
or need air greater oh well similar hit
later old cracker here
you keep track of Arizona tickle it ring
next we're landed come on far end it
over here yes i'm going to add more
colors of creepers zombies and all
created drink yeah that is pretty much
the end of my video first video go while
oh yeah I've been just doing a lot of
stuff you guys love you guys by playing
the chant grass block the walk by